It's Manager Ma
Manager Ma asked me to contact him anytime I have anything
Call him now
Liberate this mother
Relax it's ok
I'm calling him now, call him over.
Manager Ma is the head of this hotel
It is also the strength of Jiu Ye's subordinates
He is also one of the people in charge of the Ivy Industry this time.
Qin Shao was able to get Manager Ma's parent-child reception
As expected of emotional intelligence
Yes, Manager Ma invented it like that.
On weekdays, our three major families recommend
Have to mention the use
Let alone on call
Student Good Horse Manager
There is a person
I think you should know very well
Are you sure you want to continue to maintain this?
Waste who eats soft rice?
Xue Shichen, keep your mouth clean for me
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.
You are really a good match for me
They all monopolize melon seeds without tears
Monday Sid has me
Who won today?
Don't talk about horse essence today
Even if Pei Jiuling comes, it can't be too late